the Power Core no he's not great tread
heads in my way just a little farther
apart talk about your close shave or our
good thing those Decepticons can't
follow me into the space bridge
just disappeared I can't love him
what titles they use make it impossible
to catch them another second and I'd be
picking them out of my treads whoo hell
is long as I have that technology
they'll always defeat us there's got to
be some way we can go in there blast
that space bridge apart then they can't
use it against us anymore
we'd be better off if we could figure
out how the tunnels work then we could
use them for our own purposes must be
nice to just duck into a tunnel to get
away and come out who knows where I
still say we should blow it up hold on
maybe we can disable it perhaps we could
hey wedge listen up what do you want me
to do with this large beam do you think
we need it yeah we do but don't get
ahead of yourself Hightower we're still
digging heavy load I need you over here
keep your shovel on Optimus the build
team is calling and needs to talk to you
put them on screen hey Optimus it's all
done it took a while but we finally
finished building the Arctic link to the
global space bridge good job build team
you completed that section in record
time
thanks a lot optimus of course we give a
lot of the credit to which as a foreman
he's aces that's good to hear what's
your project status you don't have to
worry we're way ahead of schedule
wait how about the blueprints for the
south route all work and no play makes
heavy load go machine I say we should go
check out the battle zone and get some
practice in
come on high tower right behind you
hold on young witch what about
installing a new Arctic link data to the
computer network I'm bored by that geeky
stuff you handle it Kate Brewster no
sweat I'll take care of it come on
inside for a little battle practice
let's do it
this won't take long then I can meet up
with the guys at the battlezone this is
road tour I've spotted Grimlock and I'm
on his tail see if he leads you to the
terminal yes sir
transform
let's see the coordinates for the new
Arctic link should be housed in terminal
10 reprogramming coaxials engage data
recorder to synchronize
installation complete
it's exactly what is this place just
what we've been looking for you
I'll tell you what we should do we
should go in there and blast that place
at the tiny little pieces I've got a
great idea
why don't we just hack into their system
we could find out where the tunnels lead
back in smacking I say we go in there
and blow the whole place to oblivion
then we don't have to care where the
tunnels lead am i right half-track mind
scourge has a right idea
see what I mean you gotta break down
some walls blow up some buildings
destroy these computers are to clap your
voice boxes sorry sir this hard drive
would disrupt the tractor system causing
location our function
let's see how their global space bridge
works now Decepticons move out yes sir
b5 3:8 they're destroying the buildings
near the train station tie which of our
team's is closest to that location on it
Optimus Prime the nearest is bulla tree
they're prepped and ready to go
dispatching now team bullet train report
to sector b5 3/8 immediately Roger
have a nice trip boys
this doesn't seem right are you sure
we're going the right way Oh
not good
these people they're going the wrong way
hey what's going on here this is not the
right sector
oh good I'm glad you're here hey rapid
run what's up what's up we were we just
fell a hundred feet onto a crowded
freeway I'm getting too old for this
stuff it was terribly unsettling we were
just discussing the malfunctions in the
global space bridge everything in that
tunnel was constructed according to plan
it should work perfectly I don't
understand it doesn't make sense what
doesn't make sense is that my team and I
were almost made into scrap